Gameplay:

control a party on the map. 
Party screen/window contains info about who is in your party, upgrades, etc.
Character screen/window contains player info.

Various armies move around the map.
Each army has a "target," destination. Move in path towards that destination at given speed.
If army's destination is another Army or City, and distance to that army is <= .01 or some small number, triggers an interaction.
How to store all armies? in a bag? or table?

clicking on the map moves your party towards that spot.
party speed is calculated based on party size and character upgrades



  /|
 / |
/__| o = tan-1(y/x)

x = Dcos(o)
y = Dsin(o)


base speed + morale/100 + 1/party size

    tips: 
use object pooling for Armies (allows reuse and efficient memory use)
when drawing background image, disable blending!
CLEAR SCREEN EACH FRAME
use Sprite class for armies. So useful for rotation/stretching.
use MapRenderer interface for maps?
or perhaps scene2d makes the most sense for this type of game (actors and stage!)
^definitely makes the most sense (actions, draws all together, etc)

later:
eventually use clipping for minimap!
use distancefield for fonts

tuning up later:
    check maxSpritesInBatch (int) field of SpriteBatch after running the program and set max to that number
    

Day 1: background map + camera
Day 2: more camera
Day 3: cities and army representation
Day 4: movement and battles
Day 5: player controls and battles (pausing)
Day 6: player controls
Day 7: installed and learned basic LibGDX
Day 8: began translating code from Slick to Libgdx
Day 9: continued translating code
Day 10: finished translating and began basic AI
Day 11: added unit types and got Android functionality
Day 12: added garrisoning and improved running
Day 13: added Patrol army type and waiting
Day 14: added Merchant army type
Day 15: added new textures for everything
Day 16: added farmers and villages
Day 17: added global clock, time, and fast forward
Day 18: added morale and battle icon
Day 19: added army money and raiding parties
Day 20: began making HUD using scene2d UI (minimap failed)
Day 21: worked on HUD
Day 22: finished basic template for HUD
Day 23: continued UI and worked on bottom panel and log
Day 24: continued UI, and worked on character and attributes
Day 25: continued UI, worked on Party and Soldier
Day 26: worked on Weapon and Soldier upgrade tree
Day 27: worked on PartyTypes and UpgradePanel
Day 28: recreated Battle using new soldier and party types
Day 29: worked on PanelBattle and Battle
Day 30: added PanelLocation and rewards for battles
Day 31: began working on interactions with locations
Day 32: worked on army interaction and added los
Day 33: added fog of war, split map, and los/fog toggle
Day 34: added panelhire, Bandits, cleaned up Battle
Day 35: added Faction and crests
Day 36: added Faction crests and basics of diplomacy
Day 37: added garrisons and Siege
Day 38: worked on Siege and expanded player-Location interactions
Day 39: added army autorepairing, worked on Noble
Day 40: worked on Noble
Day 41: added Perlin functionality to Hoten's/Amit's procedural map generation
Day 42: modified Army's target-based navigation to support Paths with multiple 'nodes'
Day 43: added randomly generated map to game
Day 44: worked more on A* pathfinding
Day 45: still working on Pathfinding
Day 46: finally got basic unoptimized A* pathfinding to work with some bugs
Day 47: improved A* pathfinding, optimized visibility graph to 1/4 previous size (now 1/10)
Day 48: worked on running and coordinating pathfinding with army, reduced freezing
Day 49:


now:
add partyCAp for nobles and player
add castles

later:
change "back" button to use a stack
make party speed affect retreat and regroup speed
implement army repairing based on wealth
add population?
add resting - in cities and outside - for player and others.
think about natural occurances that can benefit or hurt you
 - forests, deserts, mountains, lakes, rivers, farmland etc
work on map!
smooth out camera centering
add nighttime, a big blanket of darkness
asthetics, consolidate party into one
fix inefficiencies
implement "honor" and baronage?
add minimap
add sphere of influence on minimap


final map goals: 
40 cities
25 castles
10 factions (6 large, 4 small) and bandits
areas bandits spawn, bandit camps kinda like villages?


inefficiencies:
army detect nearby
party check upgrade


MAP info: one big polygon! run a basic line of sight algorithm on it to create visibility graph, then simply do a* to do pathfinding. 
http://www.david-gouveia.com/pathfinding-on-a-2d-polygonal-map/
Level/Tier:

Tr  Lvl atk def spd
0   1   1   1   1   Farmer
1   3   1   1   2   Vet. Farmer
2   5   1   2   2   Militia
3   7   2   2   2   Vet. Militia
4   10  2   3   2   Tier 4 (spearman etc)
5   12  3   3   2   Tier 5 (vet spearman)
6   15  3   3   3   Tier 6 (pikeman)
7   18  3   4   3   Tier 7 (vet. pikeman)
8   22  4   4   3   Tier 8 (pikemaster)
9   25  4   4   4   Tier 9 (vet pikemaster)

World goal: 
The player inhabits a vast kingdom comprised of many factions of various sizes, each controlling
their own sets of locations including cities, castles and villages. Each faction is trying to maximize
their own influence and wealth by conquering more territory and trading. Factions at war develop bitter
rivalries, factions at peace forge uneasy alliances. Bandits and thieves raid trade routes and farmers, 
and rogue rebel factions occassionally arise. Noblemen command sizable parties to attack other factions
and defend their own, while bandit warlords can rise up to challenge them. 
(think about adding a "party level" as parties win more and more battles?)

AI goal: (requires a lot of 'tuning')
A full automated thriving economy exists, and the gameworld should be able to run without player
interaction for days without imbalance occurring. Powerful empires should fall given enough time,
and new ones should rise up to take their place. Factions, cities, and parties on average should 
have an average wealth that remains generally the same, with some getting very rich and some very poor.

Gameplay goal:
Begin by leading a ragtag band of soldiers, trying to gain wealth, fame, and power. 
As you, their leader, become more respected and capable, your party can grow stronger. By honing your party,
you can try taking on bigger and stronger targets, determining your relation with various factions.
Once strong enough, you can take your shot at capturing a city or town. Then you can create your own faction
and declare yourself as king. Other factions will take notice and may react violently, opening up opportunities
for more expansion or annihilation. You should be able to organize your own merchants, patrols, siege parties,
etc.

army types and purposes:
    Farmers - created at villages, farm to gather wealth for cities and villages
    (Village Patrol) - patrols around villages when they become wealthy enough
    
    Merchants - created at cities, trade between cities to gather wealth for cities
    Patrol - created at cities, patrol around cities when wealthy enough
    
    (Siege Party)
    (Travelers)
    (Pilgrims)
    (Monks)
    (Scouts)
    (Horsemen)
    (Barbarians)
    (Deserters)
    (annoying Noblemen & their parties) fight each other, raid villages, and besiege cities
        (King) (150+?)
        Archduke
        Prince
        Duke (100+)
        Marquis (80-100)
        Earl (Count)(60-80)
        Baron (40-60)
        (Knights are not noble)
    
    Bandits - created randomly, attack farmers, patrols (raid villages?)
    (Raiders) - created randomly, attack farmers, patrols, and raid villages? 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    